Zaug
Transported from his cartoon show’s reality to the flesh and blood Adimverse, ZAUG is a red-eyed black knight warlock whose life’s quest is single-fold: to create chaos! There’s just one problem – he’s a good guy!

In Kadarz, a world so post-post-apocalyptic it’s become fantasy, there was once a great evil tyrant that all men feared, an evil tyrant whose power and influence allowed them to conquer the ten realms. Zaug is the most recent Prince in that long proud line of Dark Lords. Suffice to say, he has big shoes to fill. Evil may reign supreme in Kadarz, but they don’t make evil like they used to, as the once great and evil bloodline of the Kingdom has finally produced a dud.

Zaug wishes to honor the ways of his forefathers but is constantly fighting against his heroic instincts.

Forged deep in the troubled shadows of a Hollywood writers' room somewhere out in the Adimverse: 

Zaug, Slayer of Joy 

Is a cartoon dark warlock warrior whose gambits for chaos and world domination are fueled by the demands of his once-powerful father and the whispers of an eldritch blade and family heirloom called The Chronus Sword. 

After falling through an unexpected split in space-time opened by his archenemy, Zaug is transported from his fantasy cartoon to the flesh and blood Adimverse. Not only is Zaug’s arch nemesis hunting him, but achieving his goal of conquering Earth is made complicated by a high schooler who demands lessons in magic before she'll help him adjust to the real world.

Visual Traits
Gender
Man
Pronouns
He/Him
Build
The Rock's Rock (Jason Momoa)
Scaled up Gaston from Beauty and the Beast
He is large and holds unbelievable power--if only he knew how to use it.
Age
19
Hair Color
Red
Hair Style
In his cartoon : Black, wavy, morning after, above the shoulder mane like Brad Pitt in Troy
In the real world: Dark black messy, unkempt, long hair.
Eye Color
Other
Race
Raceless but swarthy; everyone in the Adimverse just assumes he's Greek/Spanish
Clothing
In the animated world: leather cuirass
In the real world: various Metal band T-Shirts and leather pants
Accessories
The Chronus Sword (evil/eldritch sword)
Black Armor
Default Expression
Scowl
Grin
Other
Red eyes, Black hair, scruffy long hair, Barbarian Leather Armor. In the real world: looks youthful, could pass for an old looking 18 year old with the right haircut

Superlatives
Skill
Causing "Chaos" and Slaying Joy
Zaug causes chaos and destruction everywhere he goes, as his stated life goal is Slaying Joy.
Motivation
Honoring his forefathers, Transitioning from wanting approval and acceptance to becoming his own person
Zaug initially will do anything to become a great and evil dark lord like his father and his father's father but learns he can blaze his own path and become whoever he wants to become.
Fear
Not living up to he legacy of his forefathers, not being "evil" enough
Zaug wishes to honor the ways of his forefathers, of chaos and death, but is constantly fighting against his heroic instincts. He fears he cannot live up to their expectations of him.
Flaw
Though Zaug's purpose is to become an evil dark lord, his essence is, in truth, good
Though Zaug's nature may be chaotic and is often mistaken for evil, his essence is goodness or heroism.
Personality
Summary
Chaotic
Temperament
Aggressive
Zodiac Sign
Cancer
Traits
Redeemable
Mediocre
Dark Lord
Psychology
Weak
Strong
7
Oblivious
Perceptive
3
Dull
Creative
9
Illiterate
Intellectual
2
Lazy
Disciplined
3
Clueless
Self
4
Unspiritual
Spiritual
9
Interests
Hobbies
Slaying joy
Evildoing
General Villainy
Magic
Battle
Dressing Up
Career Path
In Kadarz, a world so post-post-apocalyptic it’s become fantasy, there was once a great evil tyrant that all men feared. Zaug is the most recent Prince in that long proud line of Dark Lords.
Aptitudes
Adventuring
Combat
Destruction
Imagination
Leading
Magic
Storytelling
Interpersonal
Likeable
Unlikeable
1
Unkempt
Meticulous
2
Function
Form
3
Sexual Orientation
Heterosexual
Relationship Status
Single
Close Friends
Katie
Henchman
Family Status
Being the failson Prince in a long proud line of Dark Lords, Zaug's relationship with his father is strained. His father would like to see Zaug succeed him, but Zaug hasn't shown he has what it takes to be Dark Lord of Kadarz.